## Arc 2 Prologue: 
[[Tomakin]] ran over to Ulacham as soon as he saw him. It was a joyous reunion. Soon the whole party came over for the reunion. Ulacham remarked how excited he was to be alive, and how lucky he was that his escape from the other High Aglthiims had been successful. There was much merriment. [[Oliviero]] relaxed in his chair, when he heard a plate crash. He looked and it appeared that a waitress had dropped a plate, but that waitress was nowhere to be found. After a few more minutes [[Oliviero]] noticed that patrons of the bar were blipping out of existence. He alerted the party, Ulacham didn't even acknowledge it happening. [[Lorenzo]] went to ask one of the remaining tables if they noticed what was going on, but they too disappeared. Soon it was just the party and Ulacham alone in the tavern-outpost. The sky darkened. The doors flew open. A figure draped in reds, coppers, and oranges entered the bar. He resembled the statues that the party had seen in Mildabia. The High-Aglthiim "[[Lucien]] - Nuzul Alnaar." He spoke calmly, some of his words intelligible because they were "crackled" (only understandable by [[Tomakin]]). [[Lucien]] said that Ulacham had betrayed the Diacci and that his fleeing proved his guilt. Ulacham responded saying that he had only betrayed [[Lucien]], but upon seeing [[Lucien]]'s masked face, Ulacham bowed his head in silence. [[Lucien]] approached Ulacham slowly. [[Lucien]] materialized a seven-foot blade of fire out of nothing. [[Lucien]] continued approaching Ulacham. Then in [[Tomakin]]'s head, his dad yelled at him to get down. [[Tomakin]] got on his hands and knees in reference. [[Oren]] begged [[Lucien]] to try and find a way other than violence, but [[Lucien]] responded, "If there is no retribution for murder, there is no justice." [[Oliviero]] meanwhile was taking a more proactive approach.

[[Oliviero]] prepared to cast the powerful spell that he had learned from his eonic tome. [[Lucien]] noticed the power that [[Oliviero]] was using, countered it with a wave of his hand, and blipped [[Oliviero]] out of existence. [[Lucien]] swung his sword with little force, but the blade of fire went straight through Ulacham. The arc of the sword stopped inches away from [[Tomakin]], who had been sitting next to Ulacham. Ulacham felt no pain, but one by one his atoms split apart from themselves and he ceased to exist. [[Lucien]] then blipped [[Oliviero]] back into existence, for he had business to address with the whole party. He explained that Ulacham's presence was a danger to all of Melia. That he was murderer, a fugitive. [[Lucien]] unfortunately had to relay the news to the party that they would lose all memory of this and their first encounter with Ulacham. [[Lorenzo]] and the crew begged [[Lucien]] to let them remember Ulacham as just a man. [[Lucien]] reluctantly obliged. [[Lucien]] also offered in consolation, secrets to the party. Each member chose to receive these secrets. [[Lorenzo]]'s: He was not the true heir, and one was above him on the line to succession. [[Oren]]'s: The location of his two brothers and the fact that one served [[Jinn]]. [[Oren]] asked if he was too far gone. [[Lucien]] responded by saying no one was too far gone. [[Oren]] called [[Lucien]] out on his hypocrisy leaving him silent. [[Tomakin]]'s: That his dad had really abandoned his mother, and also that his birthmark was a sealing symbol. [[Oliviero]]'s: That Pevolia would be harsh and not what he expected. While in [[Oliviero]]'s mind [[Lucien]] also learned of the eonic tome that belonged to [[Oliviero]]. [[Lucien]] went to snap everyone's memories and vanished. [[Lucien]] did not realize however that [[Oliviero]] had prepped a counter run on his skin that he triggered. [[Oliviero]] retained his memories. The party awoke in a repopulated bar, and [[Oliviero]] told no one what had just happened.

## Arc 2 Episode 1:
Party landed in a little port town in Pavolia. They say goodbye to [[Pops]], but they knew it was not for long. [[Skee]] decided to come with the party, because he was searching for adventure. The Pevolian paid little attention to our foreign travelers. [[Oren]] and [[Tomakin]] improved his bow and bought some bracers. He also learned that the blacksmith had a brother in Hildengrad, the city where they would take the train to the capitol. The party left the town in a cart pulled by their two mules. [[Tomakin]] tried to have [[Oliviero]] remove his wing sealing rune, but [[Oliviero]] was unsuccessful. It was a pretty uneventful carriage ride until they came to a pass between two ridges. A group of bandits, two riding bears appeared. Bandit Leader: "Relax relax, we aren't [[Jinn]]. We don't want you we just want your coins... and your weapons. Hand them over!"
    
Arc 2 Episode 2: [[Oliviero]] springs into action. While [[Skee]] and [[Tomakin]] have trouble, [[Oliviero]] easily handles the bandits. After killing one of the bandit leaders, they fled. There was a casualty on heroes side however: one of the mules. [[Skee]] pulled up the extra weight and the crew made it to Hildengrad, home of the station of the train that would take them to the capitol.

The gang spent the remainder of the night in a nice inn. It would be a few days before the train returned. [[Lorenzo]] and [[Chris]] went to a mead hall in the morning. He gave the group a little spending money and headed out. [[Oren]] got his bow engraved in town. [[Skee]], [[Oliviero]], and [[Tomakin]] saw a crowd and investigated. They were outside a Diacci temple. There were state military guards holding them back. The crowd said there was a monster inside; the guards said that they were under direct order to protect the person inside. [[Oliviero]] blinked him and his friend inside. Inside was a Half-thim named Harim. He was very nice. He told them that he was on a special interfaith mission and was sent directly by [[Jericho]]. The guards were protecting him as he was also headed to the capitol. The guards realized their trick and escorted them out. They would have been in serious trouble, but when [[Oren]] came he recognized the resemblance. It was the blacksmith's brother. That connection got them out off trouble. In an alley, a guy named Dayson lured [[Oliviero]]. He told [[Oliviero]] about a big shipment of explosive material that the [[Jinn]] had stolen. [[Oliviero]] was sly. The rest of the party (sans [[Lorenzo]]) cornered Dayson and got him to lead them to the [[Jinn]] hideout. Unbeknownst to the party, [[Lorenzo]] was falling far behind trying to catch up. They prepared a trick. Olliviero would pose as a potential buyer, until the party was sure that they had the drop on the [[Jinn]], what happened next was.... up to interpretation.

## Arc 2 Episode 3:
[[Oliviero]] enters the [[Jinn]] Safe House. He poses as a crazed mage looking to by the "Grade 2 Accelerant," with [[Skee]] posing as his assistant. Dayson tells Alexi he brought him their. Alexi (who's Sergei's((see Giocar-Arc)) brother). Alexi is quickly on to the trick however. [[Tomakin]] sneaks in through the back door and attempted to get the jump on one of the thugs inside. He's successful, but the whole room erupts into chaos. Alexi flips the big table and ducks behind. [[Oliviero]] and [[Skee]] are sent flying back. Another [[Jinn]] thug climbs out of a fire place to fight [[Tomakin]]. [[Tomakin]] is fighting two thugs on his own. He brilliantly strikes and dodges. His attacks don't deal much to the [[Jinn]]'s armor, but the [[Jinn]] soldiers can't land a hit on him. [[Oren]] watches from a bay window, waiting to make his move. Meanwhile our favorite Captain and dinosaur duo had finally got up to the party. Puzzled about the whole situation, he looks inside the house. He does not understand what all the fighting is about? He watches through the window and sees [[Oren]] watching through the opposite window. Before [[Lorenzo]] can process this, a dagger comes flying from the woods from behind the safe house. It narrowly misses [[Lorenzo]]. Puzzling enough, this was not from the fight but rather from a hidden assassin in the woods (who we later find out is Killian Kaschek). [[Chris]] chased after Killian, but could not catch him. [[Lorenzo]] walked around back to where [[Oren]] was watching from. [[Oren]] explained the situation to [[Lorenzo]].

[[Oliviero]]'s goal was simple: take as much of the accelerant for himself as possible. While [[Skee]] and [[Tomakin]] fought, [[Oliviero]] teleport in and out of the building with armfuls of accelerant. [[Oren]] tried to take a shot in through the window but missed. [[Skee]] charged Alexi like a dummy. Alexi used the power of his [[Jinn]] tattoos. He grabbed [[Skee]], held him against the ground, and hit him with a point-blank blast of air. The impact made the floor around them descend about 6 inches. [[Skee]] was knocked out in this one blow. [[Oren]] shot an iron-bouncer, this one hit it's mark, wounding Alexi and protecting [[Skee]] from more violence. At this point Alexi had become aware of [[Oliviero]]'s thieving scheme. Alexi waited for [[Oliviero]] to teleport out. Alexi stood over the last case of accelerant. When [[Oliviero]] teleported back in, Alexi threw a punch empowered by his [[Jinn]] tattoos. Again, a one-hit KO. Meanwhile, using his papersword, sea-hook, and dagger; [[Tomakin]] handled his two opponents. He turned his focus to protecting the unconscious [[Skee]] and [[Oliviero]]. [[Oren]] landed another arrow hit on Alexi. [[Tomakin]] and Alexi prepared to clash. "[[Chris]] now!" [[Chris]] flew in through the bay window and tackled Alexi. It was a critical hit! Alexi was held down by the pterodactyl, unable to fight. Our heroes had won the day. [[Skee]] was seriously injured. [[Oren]] rushed him to a hospital back in town, where Chad Micheal Igarson performed first aid. More than have of [[Skee]]'s ribs were broken. He would be in a medical brace and unable to fight for awhile. Meanwhile back at the safe house, the [[Jinn]] thugs were interrogated. The party learned about the history of [[Jinn]]... 

	[[Jinn]] Lore: [[Jinn]] claimed to be a god who had been frozen in time by a wizard of old. He awoke from a 500 year slumber to discover the world around him had changed. [[Jinn]] was a heathen. He wandered the Eastern Continent brawling, drinking, and was a one-man raiding party. His powers were impressive, besting even Aglthiims in combat. He soon grew a cult following. In part, he was empowered by god-like power but also his tattoos. He taught his followers about them. Pretty soon he had a sizeable army roaming the countryside, mainly in Pevolia and Lobrexia. One day, [[Jinn]] lost a fight and was gravely wounded (his opponent's name is not uttered by [[Jinn]] followers). [[Jinn]] intended to one day return. He imparted a part of his consciousness to 6 of his followers. [[Jinn]]'s plan was that one day they would find a worthy vessel to reinsert his consciousness into. Instead, immediately after his death, one of the 6 followers killed another, stealing a par of [[Jinn]]'s consciousness. This follower is known as "[[Jinn]] the Ruthless" and will stop at nothing until he claims the rest of [[Jinn]]'s consciousness. The other followers remained scattered and have strained relationships. The only thing that binds them is the shared use of "The Mines." 

Above is the lore that Alexi told about the [[Jinn]]. How was he repaid for this information? He wasn't. The party instead turned the [[Jinn]] thugs over to the authorities (but not the accelerant, [[Oliviero]] kept that). Though this has not happened yet, the [[Jinn]] thugs were surely put to death, including the powerful Alexi. The party got a bounty, which [[Lorenzo]] split evenly. They waited a few more days in town, but soon, the train arrived.

## Arc 2 Episode 4: 
The gang waited at the gate for the train. It was very crowded with all sorts of people. Businessmen, mages, poor workers, Arezian protestors (hippies). [[Lorenzo]] pays a little extra in exchange for their bags and barrels not to be checked. The Accelerant and Sweet Leaf remained concealed in the back of the train. [[Chris]] looks after the supplies. The gang gets on the train and gets a tour from the Conductor, [[Leona]] Trotsa. [[Lorenzo]] quickly put on the moves and at the very least she seems flatters. She takes them to the engine room. Although, there's not really an engine at all. Instead 5 mages are concentrating on fire and surrounded by runes. The fire is a pale grey and does not appear to be putting off any heat. [[Oliviero]] made a comment on that it didn't seem to be a strong fire. [[Leona]] laughed explaining that the fire was very powerful, so powerful that it did not appear on the visible spectrum. If the mages lost concentration, a blinding flash would happen that would be visible for miles. [[Oren]] question how such a fire was possible. [[Oliviero]], remembering one of his classes, explained that the mages were creating a portal to a sphere/plane of pure fire and allowing that heat to be drawn in. [[Leona]] was dumbstruck that [[Oliviero]] had figured out the power of the train so quickly. She did not have much time to dwell on that however, as [[Lorenzo]] continued to flirt.  
    
They were seated in a comfortable part of the train, but not in the most lavish cars. [[Leona]] went back to check in with the engineers (mages). Meanwhile the rest of the gang decided to go explore the back part of the train, everyone except [[Oren]]. [[Oren]] instead observed the car he was already in. He understood some of the soldiers sitting next to him. They were Pevolian soldiers complaining about being deployed to the border. They complained about the walk and leaving home. This did not really stand out to [[Oren]] at the time.

So the rest of the gang explored the rest of the train. They found that the back part of the train was segregated to the poor and the religious minority Diacci. In the back most car before the storage cars, the party was reunited with Harim the Half-thiim. Harim told the party that one of the reason that he was going to Pevolia was to search for "[[Lorenzo]] Pierro" whom [[Jericho]] had some questions for. Harim did not realize that [[Lorenzo]] was right in front of him however. [[Lorenzo]] and the rest of the party headed back to their seats. In the mean time, [[Oren]] saw someone give up a seat for an elderly passenger. At first he did not recognize this person, but then he did. It was his childhood friend, Vidalia. He did not speak; he was too surprised. Instead she ran over to where he was sitting. "Oren, little [[Oren]]?" she said with joy. They had a nice reunion. Vidalia explained that her older sister had gotten a job in Pevolia, and that she was going to visit her. She also told [[Oren]] tales of the mountainside, that his parents were doing alright. She also told [[Oren]] that Althorn had returned. But it was not a happy reunion. While he had escaped the [[Jinn]], he had become corrupted by a new power (that of the Abyss of the Ageless but Vidalia didn't know it). He had used that power to escape, but now it had taken a hold of him. Althorn and his father had gotten into an argument. His father begged him to stay, but Althorn knew that he couldn't. He bore the tattoos of the [[Jinn]] on his arm; he would never be accepted by any Lobrexian on the mountainside. Furthermore, his new power was beckoning him far away, and he knew he had to listen. [[Oren]] was glad to know that his brother was still alive, but heartbroken that this power had overtaken him. At about this time, the rest of the party returned to the car before [[Oren]]'s. When all of a sudden, like a loud speaker PA, they heard this:

"It is I Killian Kaschek of the Kaschek Bounty Hunting Clan. I have come to collect the bounty on your head '[[Lorenzo]] Pierro:."

[[Lorenzo]] immediately threw off his captain hat, cloak, and other finer garments until he was only wearing a tanktop and some pants. The party and him ran to see [[Oren]] to ask him what to do. "What kind of man has a bounty like that and on a train?" Vidalia asked [[Oren]]. [[Oren]] sighed. [[Lorenzo]] continued running. He had deduced that there was a far greater chance that the bounty hunter was in the back part of the train than the front. [[Leona]] stopped him on the connector that connected to one of the fancier cars. Leonna asked what was all this about a bounty. [[Lorenzo]] was quick on his feet and went in for a kiss. (In game Liz rolled a nat-20) [[Lorenzo]] then told Leonna that she had to help hide him. Leonna rushed him to the engine room and hid him in a hidden compartment. Meanwhile a fight was brewing. Dogs made of smoke had tracked [[Lorenzo]]'s sent and the party all spelled like him. [[Tomakin]] and [[Oliviero]] beat back the dogs, while [[Oren]] protected [[Skee]] and Vidalia. Soon Killian Kaschek himself, with an ally came busting through the car door. Killian was dressed in a nice jacket and wore a tophat. He immediately started throwing daggers at the party. Meanwhile his ally (down on his luck priest, Olgo York) casts buffs on him. It was a smaller battle. [[Oliviero]] and [[Tomakin]] were able to pretty well handle it without any help. Killian Kaschek abandoned Olgo and ran out the breached door that he entered. Meanwhile however [[Chris]] snuck off behind him, and pushed him off the train which was going well over 100 mph. Killian died on impact. Once again the party had saved the day. Leonna escorted [[Lorenzo]] back to his car after another kiss.

The gang was reunited. [[Oren]] and Vidalia had fled to a car closer to the engine to talk privately. Vidalia expressed concern that [[Oren]]'s adventuring was dangerous and that she was worried about him. [[Oren]] promised Vidalia that he'd be safe. Meanwhile one car back, the party met with the defeated Olgo York. Olgo explained that he was just a poor priest who badly needed money. He didn't want to harm anyone. [[Lorenzo]] offered him a job, and Olgo said that he'd consider. He even healed the party some too. At this point the hair on the back of [[Oliviero]]'s neck stood up again, like it did when he was around those corrupted by the Abyss of the Ageless. Things were looking well. The train went into a tunnel, but it quickly became apparent that something was blocking the exit. A rock slide? That's what the mage-engineers thought. They slowed the train down and approached the exit with caution. As they go closer, the entrance reopened. Puzzling but they continued to move forward slowly. As soon as the train cleared the exit, it became apparent what had been blocking the exit: a 4-story tall stone elemental. This elemental had red glowing eyes that resembled that of [[Mako]]'s after he had become corrupted. The elemental took a swipe at the train.

## Arc 2 Episode 5:
The front car of the train collapses. The mages conjuring the fire portal have just enough time to douse is before the hand connects with the car. Some of them perish from the impact, others lied unconscious in the wreckage. The second car had [[Oren]] and Vidalia in it. [[Oren]] shielded Vidalia with his body and took minimal damage from their car tipping over. In the next car back was the party, the conductor, and Olgo the Priest. Their was minimal damage to this car aside from a beam that fell. The beam nearly hit [[Tomakin]] in his head, but a bubble of protection surrounded him just a second before that could happen. A gift from his father. The remaining cars were all tipped-partially over, still inside of the tunnel, but those passengers were okay. The party reunited after the wreck. Standing in front of them and the crowd of stranded passengers was a giant Stone Elemental. It had glowing red eyes, which [[Oliviero]] knew was not normal. The eyes stared back at them menacingly. Meanwhile Leonna drank a potion, that gave her super strength and began to rescue those still trapped in the wreckage.

The party squared up to fight the elemental. [[Chris]] did a quick fly-over while [[Tomakin]] rushed to the back to get explosives to blow the monster up. [[Oliviero]] took a much more proactive approach. From the text that he had been deciphering his entire journey, there was a spell that he could barely comprehend, but he felt that it was needed here. He began to cast it. Meanwhile the elemental backhanded [[Chris]] and sent him flying back to [[Lorenzo]]. [[Lorenzo]] realized that this was not a fight that they could not win and joined the wreckage survivors that were running away. [[Oliviero]] casted his spell. Channeling all of his energy dirt and rocks began to lift off the ground around him in swirling column expanding outward. The particles twisted up into the sky above the elemental forming a meteor. Just as [[Oliviero]] began to lose control of the spiral, he dropped the meteor on the elemental, crushing it. The shockwave sent people and debris flying. The elemental, clearly wounded got back up however. At this point [[Oren]] got Vidalia to safety and then began to shoot the monster with his bow.

[[Tomakin]] emerge from the cave with the accelerant. He had a plan, exploded next to or inside the elemental to do massive damage. After [[Oliviero]]'s massive attack the elemental targeted him, throwing a large rock. [[Oliviero]] adeptly blinked out of the path. However, he did not return. Instead he was trapped in the In-Between. At first all [[Oliviero]] saw in the In-Between was the usual endless blackness. Then he saw a pair of glowing eyes, like the eyes of the elemental. As soon as the eyes locked with [[Oliviero]], a creature stood in front of him. It stood twice [[Oliviero]]'s heights. Like a man, but not. It had sharp teeth and horns that wrapped around many times like those of a goat on the side of its head. It spoke: "I am [[Eblis]], Defender of Melia and the Tyrant of Tyrants. You have something that belongs to me." [[Oliviero]] had faced down foes much stronger than himself before, but none like this. [[Eblis]] could tell [[Oliviero]] was tense an explained that they could not harm each other in the In-Between. "I just want to talk," [[Eblis]] said. [[Oliviero]] put his shoulders back. [[Eblis]] explained that eons ago, he had been a mage like [[Oliviero]]. The book in [[Oliviero]]'s possession was written by [[Eblis]], perhaps in a past life, and now [[Eblis]] wanted it back. [[Oliviero]] was very intrigued. Finally, a figure that he had seen in the ancient text was right in front of him in the flesh, the author even! But [[Oliviero]] was not ready to give up his tome. It contained powerful spells and information relative to the history of the universe. [[Oliviero]] asked why it was so important for the book to be returned. [[Eblis]] explained that contained inside the book were spells far too powerful for the mortals of the current generation. These spells would corrupt and could destroy the world if misused. [[Eblis]] used the example of [[Oliviero]]'s shockwave dealing damage to innocent bystanders as an example. In [[Oliviero]]'s mind, he had casted that to protect them, and the alternative would have been worse.
    
[[Oliviero]] declined [[Eblis]]'s deal. [[Eblis]] responded, that the book would be in his possession either way. [[Oliviero]] was released from the In-Between, appearing back on the battlefield. Without missing a beat, he aided [[Tomakin]]'s plan of getting the explosives in the elemental's maw. [[Tomakin]] stealthily ran up and in one fell swoop scaled the elemental and placed it in its mouth. Before he could celebrate and before [[Oliviero]] could detonate the accelerant, the elemental took a wide swipe that was about to hit both of them. [[Oliviero]] had no choice but to, blink both he and [[Tomakin]], back into the In-Between. Unfortunately, he was hit in the process knocking him unconscious There [[Tomakin]] too met the ferocious [[Eblis]]. [[Eblis]] explained his plight to [[Tomakin]], who was more sympathetic. [[Tomakin]] began to turn on [[Oliviero]], but [[Oliviero]] snapped him out of it. Soon they teleported back to the real world, but this time on the mountainside with a vantage point on the elemental. [[Oliviero]] was unconscious. [[Tomakin]] rummaged through his bag and found the book. Meanwhile, [[Oren]] was able to shoot an arrow and detonate the explosives. Also Harim, after healing many survivors joined the fight. Harim fired off round after round of lightning bolts that did considerable damage to the elemental. [[Tomakin]] made a choice. He hid the book under a rock. He instead grabbed a different book from [[Oliviero]]'s bag and set it on fire. [[Tomakin]] called out to the stone elemental that was possessed by [[Eblis]]. The elemental scaled the mountainside to see the book being burned. [[Oren]] and Harim landed good attacks on it while this was happening. The elemental saw the burning book, but [[Eblis]] was not convinced that this was his book. The elemental was weakened however. [[Tomakin]] jumped on the elemental's head as it tumbled down the mountainside. [[Tomakin]] pleaded that he really had destroyed the book, but this made [[Eblis]] have even more doubts. With one last lightning bolt from Harim, the elemental died.

[[Oliviero]] awoke to the smoldering ashes of a book in front of him he was angry and grieved the loss of such history. [[Tomakin]] scaled the mountain and found the young mage. [[Oliviero]] did not want to speak to him at first, fearful of what he might say. [[Tomakin]] kept trying to explain what happened, but [[Oliviero]] would not hear any of it. Finally [[Tomakin]] showed [[Oliviero]], that the book was still intact. [[Oliviero]] had the biggest smile. In the aftermath of the battle, Harim and [[Oren]] were hailed as heroes. [[Chris]], [[Lorenzo]], and [[Skee]] regrouped with the rest of the team. Vidalia and much of the other passengers were safe, however many of the engineer-mages did not make it. [[Leona]] explained that there was not a chance that the train, which lay on its side, would run again. They were about halfway to the capitol, but the remainder of the journey would be a long walk. [[Tomakin]] grabbed the cart and the remaining mule. The party and the survivors began their long walk to the capitol.

## Arc 2 Episode 6: 
Oren was having a terrible dream as he took rest on the cart. Was it dream or was he seeing the past through someone else's eyes? In his dream, [[Oren]] was his brother, Althorn. He was running from the [[Jinn]], but tripped and fell. They caught up with him and captured him again. Althorn was tied down he looked to his left and saw the tattoo that the [[Jinn]] had forced onto his arm. He was about to experience some barbaric form of punishment when a soothing voice called out to him. He was wisped away to the In-Between. A gentle hand touch his face. The voice promised Althorn that if he helped her, she would free him from the chains and the bonds of the [[Jinn]]. [[Oren]] as Althorn tried to say "no" but in the dream, Althorn blurted out "yes." [[Oren]] knew this was the call of the abyss of the ageless, of a tyrant. [[Oren]] awoke from his nightmare. [[Skee]] had climbed inside of the cart to check on him. [[Skee]] asked [[Oren]] if he was having bad dreams again. [[Oren]] replied yes, and then said that they were getting worse.

After about a week and some days, the party made it to the gates of Visegrad, the capitol of Pevolia. The party had made it to the gates, but they were heavily guarded. [[Lorenzo]] knew not how much the lower level of the military knew about his deal with General Kutzov. On top of this, they still had some accelerant onboard the cart which [[Lorenzo]] knew was stolen directly from the military. He concocted a strategy to explain that the cart had dead bodies infected with the ashblight that needed to burn. [[Tomakin]] noticed how uncomfortable this made [[Skee]]. [[Tomakin]] directly asked [[Skee]] why he was acting this way. [[Skee]] explained that his father who had abandoned [[Skee]]'s family was infected with the ashblight, and passed it to his mother and also to [[Skee]] and his sibling. [[Skee]] explained that the ashblight only affects the individual once they've died. It brings them back as a shell of their former self. At first this is manageable, but after about a handful of years it drags the infected into a violent, unfeeling madness. The party all tried to comfort [[Skee]]. [[Lorenzo]]'s plan (thanks to [[Oren]]'s ad-libbing) works and they arrive in the city. [[Lorenzo]] decides that he wants to stay in a nice hotel in the upper part of the city, far a way from the poor whom live out by the gates. He rents a very nice in, and the party has some time to relax in the the city. Here are there stories:

[[Oliviero]] had finally made it to the College of Magic in Pevolia. His course was slightly altered. He was hesitant to talk much about his book. His plan began to shift. Why was he here? Maybe it was enough to just learn more about magic. [[Oliviero]] walked the through the courtyards and through the halls to the professor's corner. The students he saw were different from the ones at his old college back in Rocevelen. This was not the multicultural magic hub of his old school. It was housed by a vast majority of Pevolian students, and their uniforms resembled the soldiers that patrolled this large city. The other students stared at [[Oliviero]], not agressively, but like he was oddity. Finally [[Oliviero]] reached the room of Professor Vlodt, the man who [[Oliviero]]'s old professor told him to contact. They discussed history and magic. While not hateful, [[Oliviero]] could sense some of Vlodt's prejudices against Mers and Mildabian. Still he was impressed by his magical knowledge and got a better understanding of the Pevolian school of thoughts around magic. Pevolian's believes that someone named Ishtarr (goddess or not) taught the people magic. Vlodt also explained that magic works by using runes and vocal commands to access the source of magic. The runic characters and vocals allow magic to be channeled in a certain way. Alchemy uses chemical reactions to do a similar effect, while faith-magic relies on the deity performing the magical invocation. Vlodt gave [[Oliviero]] a tour. [[Oliviero]] met Heinrech the portal professor, and [[Oliviero]] got the feel that the students at the university weren't really interested in learning about magic as much as he was. However, he was impressed by the portal profs knowledge. 

After the tour, [[Oliviero]] headed back to the inn, his mind was not made up. Would he stay or would he go back home? On his way out he was stopped by a student of the college who attacked him for seemingly know reason. [[Oliviero]] expertly just blinked out of the way and kept walking. And when he got back to the inn he had some delicious food and a nice bath. 

Oren was invited to dinner at Vidalia's sister's apartment. He eagerly accepted. Vidalia picked him up and they walked together to the apartment. Vidalia asked [[Oren]] what it was like working for [[Lorenzo]]. [[Oren]] gave a wry response. [[Oren]] asked her if she might move to the capitol. Vidalia replied that she did not like the dirt streets and was excited to get back to the solid stone ground of the mountain-home. They had a lovely dinner at Pearl's (Vidalia's sister) apartment. The dinner reminded [[Oren]] of his childhood and his brothers. They grew up together on the mountainside of Lobreux, alongside Pearl and Vidalia. It was nostalgic. Obviously his mind drifted to Althorn, to his first hunt, and to his mysterious dream. The conversations was nice. They played a traditional Lobreuxian tile game. While this was going on, a drunkard knocked on the door and wouldn't leave for a long time. Pearl explained to Vidalia and [[Oren]] that this was someone who lived on her floor. He was a soldier in the army, who would always come looking for booze and trying to break in. It soured the mood for a time, but things got back to normal. When the visit was over, Vidalia wanted to walk [[Oren]] back to the Inn, but Pearl explained that the area wasn't great and that she shouldn't be out alone at night. [[Oren]] said his goodbyes and closed the door behind him. He beelined to the drunkards apartment, following the stench of Pevolian Ale. [[Oren]] knocked on the door and shoved the drunkard to the ground. The drunkard was in a stupor, barely comprehensible. [[Oren]] drew Pearl's apartment number and then an x to it on the wall of the drunkards apartment. [[Oren]] was intimidating as he told the drunk to leave Pearl alone. [[Oren]] walked home, satisfied.

[[Tomakin]] went to lunch with Harim, the half-thiim priest who had helped them slay the elemental. Harim talked to [[Tomakin]] about his past. [[Tomakin]] told him about his father, and the story of what happened to his mother. Harim comforted him, expressing that the priests no longer feel this way: case in point Harim himself, a half-thiim priest. Harim asked [[Tomakin]] if he had ever thought of becoming someone who used faith-based magic. [[Tomakin]] thought this was funny. He was not the type. Towards the end of their lunch, Harim explained to [[Tomakin]] that he had found a way to break the seal that held in [[Tomakin]]'s wings. Harim cautioned [[Tomakin]] that there was no going back from this. [[Tomakin]] gladly accepted the offer. The seal was broken and now [[Tomakin]] had navy blue beautiful wings. Harim and [[Tomakin]], now friends, part ways. On the way home everyone stared at him, but [[Tomakin]] finally felt like himself. His father had tried to protect him from his destiny. [[Tomakin]] was now finally who he always was: a half-thiim, a strong, winged half-thiim with the blood of his father, a powerful Aglthiim, coursing through his veins. His mind raced and his heart soared wondering how he was going to use these wings.

So [[Lorenzo]] with [[Tomakin]], [[Skee]], and [[Oren]] went to deliver the spice to the general. They approached the imposing walls of the capitol's military complex. There the party sans [[Oliviero]] is greeted by General Mikal Kutzov and his assistant/translator. The translator and General Kutzov gave the party a brief tour and explained to the party why the military needed the sweet-leaf. Through a controlled demonstration, the general showed that mixing the spice with g2 accelerant, it caused an explosion of sleeping gas (that in large quantities could be lethal).

Why did the Pevolian military need this gas? The general's translator explained that the Pevolians were going to war with the Mildabians and the Olorodnians, as well as pretty much every other power on the eastern continent. This gas would allow the military to be able to quickly conquer and capture large civilian populations. This didn't sit well with [[Lorenzo]], though he kept his composure. When the party got back to the hotel, [[Lorenzo]] revealed his plan: the party was going to steal the spices back. Everyone was on board. And [[Tomakin]] even suggested that perhaps they could get Harim and Olgo the Priest of Ishtarr. The plan for the great spice heist was made!

## Arc 2 Episode 7 : 
The party got the team together. Harim got on board with the plan for the spice heist. Olgo York decided to come along too. [[Skee]] was left at the hotel, since this was a dangerous mission. There was a brief reunion with Dayson who was in the city and fed the party some information about the back entrance to the capitol military complex (headquarters of the OTSIBYA (military branch of Pevolian government)). The party waited until the next night to try and sneak into the base. They were successful, except Olgo chickened out and went home. The party through [[Oliviero]]'s blinking and [[Tomakin]]'s flight made quick work of individual guards as they worked through the building. Meanwhile [[Oren]] faked being a pest inspector and was able to get a lot of guards away from the prison area of the base. There the party found Jon (one of Giocar's men), his crew, and also some Mildabian political prisoners. Jon explained that after he had delivered his portion of the spice, that the government arrested him and his men. They one by one were experimented on with military-grade magical and chemical weapons. [[Lorenzo]] and co. set the prisoners free. The party continued moving through the base. Taking out guards and looking for the spice. Then they saw a door which seemed to lead to a laboratory. They looked inside and saw the spices.

[[Lorenzo]] and the party + Harim and Jon all waited outside the door. [[Oliviero]] could hear familiar voices on the other side. It was Prof. Vlodt and Heinrech! They along with two other workers toiled with the sweet leaf. They all wore masks that obstructed their faces. Jon kicked down the door and [[Oren]] fired an arrow. Combat had started. [[Tomakin]] flew into battle. One of the mages vanished. Another, Vlodt, attempt to launch a spell but [[Oliviero]] countered it. [[Oliviero]] used gust rune to counterattack, hurling bottles of g2 accelerant and Vlodt into the wall, burning him to ash in an explosion. Meanwhile Heinrech through portals around the room, but none of them hit their target. [[Tomakin]] clashed dagger and hook against the biggest of the mages. This one had a single glowing eye of the forsaken. Meanwhile [[Oren]] was suddenly surrounded by clones of himself that were all attacking him. Jon rushed in to help [[Tomakin]]. Jon hit a clone on his run into the fray yelling "I always wanted to do that." Harim followed after Jon, trading blows with the fake [[Oren]] clones.

Heinrech launched a magical attack that knocked both [[Oliviero]] and [[Tomakin]] down. Jon slapped the strong mage pretty hard with his staff. The fight raged on. Heinrech was knocked unconscious by [[Chris]]. Then Heinrech's head was smashed in by Jon's bowstaff. Suddenly the mage who had disappeared, reappeared. She let out a magical wail that pierced everyone in the entire room. A scream so powerful and full of despair. "BELTUGESE NO." This dealt massive damage to the party. And [[Tomakin]] was left there lying on the ground. His ears began to bleed, along with all the other injuries he had sustained in the battle. The party was able to deal with the last mage, but they were not able to help [[Tomakin]]. They had no healers with them who knew strong enough magic. Harim tried his hardest to stabilize [[Tomakin]], but it was no use. As [[Tomakin]] began to fade from this world, he saw his father who delivered a message. "The High Aglthiim had heard the cries of [[Tomakin]] and Harim. They knew about all that the Pevolian military had planned." Retribution was coming.

The party was able to steal some of the spice, and set fire to the rest of it. The commotion from the fight had gotten the attention of the guards. With some of the last ounces of magic [[Oliviero]] was able to use, he teleport the crew + Jon and Harim and a dying [[Tomakin]]. They still had to escape the walls surrounding the base however.

Arc 2 Episode 8: [[Tomakin]] said his final goodbyes to the crew and passed from this world to the next. The party managed to escape the walls except for [[Lorenzo]] who was caught by the guards. Just when they were about to attack him, a shining blue light shot down from the sky and hit them. It was [[Tomakin]]'s father, Terishiel. Terishiel easily handled the guards, but still walked away with a minor injury. [[Oren]] noticed this and had a realization. The Aglthiim weren't gods. They were mortal and could die. Terishiel wept over the loss of his son. When this was done, he explained to the party that they needed to get everyone they love and evacuate the city. The Agglthiim were coming to destroy the city. This was to punish the Pevolians for even thinking of harming the Mildabians. The party with the aid of Terishiel were able to get everyone they love and make it to Jon's boat which was still docked at port. This included Vidalia, Pearl, [[Leona]], and [[Skee]]. They all sailed away just in time. Makaria-Basillisedes most supreme of the Agglthiim descended from the sky in a cloud of thunder. He gave his proclamation. Soon dozens of Aglthiim streamed down from the sky. Burning the city and killing inhabitants, specifically those in the wealthy and military districts. [[Oren]] averted his eyes. He could not witness such destruction. Terishiel the Aglthiim agreed with him. This was an act of unparalleled aggression. This was an attack on people who didn't even know that a war was coming. [[Leona]] wept at the destruction of her home. [[Leona]] embraced [[Lorenzo]]. She had nowhere to go. The party set a course for Southern Pevolia, where [[Pops]] and the Teknesi still sat. The Pevolian trip had become tragic with the loss of [[Tomakin]]. And now they had witnessed the start of a war between man and the gods.
    
## Arc 2 Epilogue: 
The Slaughtering of Visgrad or The Day of Rage is what the history books call it. Where Aglthiim descended from the sky to launch a preemptive strike on the Pevolians. 12,000 soldiers died in the conflict that we know of, and the number of people that were displaced because of this attack is in the millions. [[Lucien]] killed entire legions of troops by himself. There were some Aglthiim among the dead however. This proved to the Pevolian military that they could be killed and was the one silver-lining of this day.

 After a few months of sailing (and dropping Pearl and Vidalia back in Lobreux) the gang made it back to [[Pops]] and the Teknesi. On the beach, accompanied by Terishiel, the party gave [[Tomakin]] the traditional Mildabian funeral. He was set on a bed of straw. If it ignited on its own, he had lived a good life, otherwise the party would ignite it themselves. As soon as the party stepped away it ignited into a swelling blue flame that shot up towards the heavens. [[Skee]] cried. [[Lorenzo]] cried. Everyone cried. [[Tomakin]] awoke in a new place. He met a woman who introduced herself as Cheron the Painter of the Cosmos. She told [[Tomakin]] that his friends were safe. That he had lived a beautiful life. And that he would make the most wonderful color in her painting of all those who had lived among the universe. He could rest now. The party set sail for home. The Summit of the 8 Trade Families was on the horizon. [[Lorenzo]] asked [[Oliviero]] to be a neutral party and to explain to the families what had happened in Visgrad. The Fated Voyage was nearly over. They were heading home.