## Arc 4 Prologue:
In the beautiful Marble Villas of Sidio Barca, with its lavish apple orchards dotting the landscape, [[Lorenzo]] and his bride, [[Leona]] of Pevolia, prepared for their wedding. It’s evening and the villa looks lovely. Chris flapped his wings in high alert. A dark ominous figure flew overhead. It was a giant bat and it was covered in tattoos. It dropped a note while circling overhead. The note read “If you ever want to see your crew alive again, you will travel 30 knots northeast of Kambradia Island. Do not delay.” -[[Jinn]]

[[Oliviero]] was once again in the void. He had come to know Eblis, but not yet what his plan was for taking down Steven and the rest of the gods. Eblis was more powerful than he could even fathom. But he too had learned a lot over the past two months. Eblis had taught him magic that had been known only in the world before. The world the gods had destroyed. Eblis had also continued tempting [[Oliviero]] with the forsaken power of the tempted, even giving him a taste. But [[Oliviero]] was determined not to lean on Eblis, but use his own power to acquire the sacred relic. After going over the plan one last time Eblis smiled a gruesome smile. “And [[Oliviero]], hurry up, we have time to kill.”

It wasn’t the rocking of the ship that woke [[Oren]] up, no, he was used to that. Nor was it his wounds. The dull aches only lulled him more into sleep. And he had gotten used to that too anyway. It was the chill air. The captain never sailed this far north, at least not on any of the voyages since he’d joined the crew. It jolted [[Oren]] awake. He struggled a bit but saw his hands tied in layers and layers of rags. He remembered everything. 

His return home to Lobreux. The bittersweet reunion with his eldest brother, who had become blinded. His attempt to rescue his youngest brother from the [[Jinn]]. And his failure.`

He frantically looked around the dark ship. It must have been the middle of the night. Whatever ship he was on, it must have been headed north. Then [[Oren]] realized that he was not the only one tied up below deck on the ship. To his right he saw [[Skee]] and Blanca (Vidalia’s Sister), and to his left he saw Portus the Alchemist, who was snoring quite loudly. And across on the other side of the ship were his brothers, Althorn and Edwin, also tied up. [[Oren]] didn’t know whether to be thankful or terrified. The [[Jinn]] had taken them captive, but wherever they were going, they were all going together.

## Episode 1
After the wedding [[Lorenzo]] and [[Leona]] set sail on the Teknesi to go investigate what happened to the missing crew members. The only ones that could be missing from the main crew were [[Oren]]and [[Skee]] but perhaps [[Jinn]] had stolen from other ships. Since [[Pops]] and [[Denesi]] were out on parental leave after the birth of their daughter, Tomazia, [[Lorenzo]] needed a new first mate. He went with [[Brutus]]. Brutus brought along with him some members of his own ship, the Lioneer, along for the journey. This included Kordial, Malvista, and Brutus's first mate [[Leon]], and accomplished strategist and sword-wielder. Also aboard was the deckhand, Marta, who was allegedly [[Skee|Skee's]] girlfriend. Rounding out our new crew was [[Ghost]] an assassin and scout hired by [[Lorenzo]] on behest of his Uncle Scachi. The sailing from [[Melia-Mar-Biographics#Barcazona|Sidio Barca]] was smooth sailing. They sailed to frozen north of the ocean, so cold they could see their breath.

[[Chris]] was sent out to scout for the [[Jinn]] ship and sure enough there it was, exactly where the letter said it would be. After much deliberation [[Lorenzo]] went aboard to meet with the Jinn. [[Ghost]] used her magic to follow [[Lorenzo]], but this secret is not yet known by the crew. 

[[Jinn]] explains who he is "A god from a long lost world, wrestler of the god Eskil, bane of Aglthiim, terror of [[Melia-Mar-Biographics#Pevolia|Pevolia]]. I am part god, looking to restore myself to full power get off this god-forsaken planet.” [[Jinn]] then explained how his essence was scatter amongst other beings who looked to claim his power for his own. [[Lorenzo]] did not make much sense of this (I can not blame him this is very complicated). 

Anyway, [[Jinn]] then explained why he wanted to use [[Lorenzo]]. [[Jinn]] explained, "A spy on [[Giocar]]’s ship has heard that [[Giocar]] is searching for a blade that can kill gods. [[Giocar]] has discovered that the crew's old passenger, the mage, [[Oliviero]], is on a rendezvous with the blade." Jinn wants the blade in northern [[Melia-Mar-Biographics#Rocevelen|Rocevelen]] and since Lorenzo's crew has a relationship with [[Oliviero]] thinks that  [[Lorenzo]] will be able to convince or trick Oliviero into giving it to them.

As a show of good faith, [[Jinn]] releases [[Oren]], esteemed member of Lorenzo's crew. [[Oren]] is not picked without reason, for as long as Oren's brothers are prisoners of the [[Jinn]], [[Jinn]] knows that [[Oren]] will work hard to ensure their freedom. And [[Jinn]] knows that [[Oren]] is quite a fighter as well. No one else had made it that far into The Pit and survived. Only [[Jericho]] had ever managed to escape it. [[Oren]] objected to being set free before [[Skee]] and his brothers, but Jinn ignored his pleas.

[[Lorenzo]], not knowing what else to do, accepted the deal. After a brief drinking competition with [[Jinn]],  [[Lorenzo]] took [[Oren]] back to the Teknesi. There was not much hope in the short term, but in the long-term [[Oren]] had a way out, a way to free his brothers and his friends who had made the dangerous voyage with him. But that path also was dangerous for the world: [[Jinn]] the Conqueror, the most awful foe [[Oren]] had ever faced, wielding a weapon of immeasurable power.

When [[Lorenzo]] got back to the ship there was conversation among [[Brutus]], [[Oren]], [[Leon]], and Captain [[Lorenzo]]. [[Jinn]], they felt at the time, was too powerful to take on now. [[Lorenzo]] was unsure how [[Oliviero]] would handle seeing him again. While [[Lorenzo]] did not know how close [[Oliviero]] had gotten to [[Eblis]], he knew enough to know that [[Melia-Cosmic-Biographics#The Tyrants|the Abyss of the Ageless]] was not something to play with and that information came from [[Pops]] himself. [[Leon]]'s curiosity was peaked when hearing about such dark forces, but he was fearful. [[Ghost]] meanwhile kept to herself, interjecting with her morbid sense of humor when she could. 

In the end, the crew set sail for [[Melia-Mar-Biographics#Rocevelen|Rocevelen]] where they suspected [[Oliviero]] would head. They were unsure yet as to what the plan was going to be: ask for Oliviero to give them the sword, take it from him, or ask him to help them kill [[Jinn]]. That was not yet to be decided. They passed the glaciers as the night turned cold and they went below deck to sleep.

[[Leon]] was caught in his reoccurring nightmare. He had been having it since he picked up a sword in his past. A battlefield, foes twice his size, blood and mud, stone and steel. He followed something far ahead. A grey robe, it's owner a skull with glowing, no flaming blue eyes and flowing brown hair. It beckoned him forward on the battlefield, as [[Leon]] clashed with foes twice his size. The skull called [[Leon]] "Seed of Gamesh" and told [[Leon]] that he was someone who aided Leon's ancestor Gamesh during times of [[Melia-Cosmic-History#Era of the Passerbys|war]]. But what had peaked this flaming figure's interest today was hearing of the [[Melia-Cosmic-Biographics#The Tyrants|Abyss of the Ageless]] and [[Eblis]], whom sounded like they wielded magic long-thought to be forgotten. [[Leon]] was tasked by the skull to learn more about these dark figures. Then he awoke from the never-ending battlefield in a cold sweat. Then he went out onto the deck to get a breath of fresh air. Cold, fresh air.

## Episode 2
The gang continued to travel at sea. [[Leon]] first, before dawn and soon Oren followed. Oren, true to his nature helped Marta with the chores. A bit later, [[Leona]] introduced [[Oren]] to the rest of the crew. Going on around this time was some one-sided flirting between [[Ghost]] and [[Leon]]. That was one member of crew spotted a squid, one that could feed the entire crew for a week.

[[Ghost]], tired of stale bread and fish yogurt, cast her icey-[[Melia-Cosmic-Biographics#The Tyrants|ageless]] powers and used her ghost form to decimate the squid. She was not as stealthy as she should have been however, and [[Oren]] noticed her ability and surmised its likely origin. The squid, on its last leg, grabbed [[Leon]] and attempted to drag him into the ocean. Just as [[Leon]] metal armor was going to drag him to the icey depths, [[Ghost]] used her ghost form to drag [[Leon]] out of the water. The party was confused how [[Leon]] floated out of the water, all except [[Oren]]. [[Leon]] attempted to flirt with [[Leona]], but was promptly rebuffed much to [[Lorenzo]]'s delight. [[Ghost]] then tried to flirt with [[Leon]], and he ignored her, so we kind of have a love-triangle (a love square?) going on here.

As the crew continued to sail west to Rocevelen, they past more adrift ice. On one particularly large piece of ice, was a pair of Frost Giants. [[Brutus]] and [[Lorenzo]] thought it was strange to see the giants heading south, but decided since they couldn't communicate, it was better to leave them alone. Not much else happened, that day and the party went to bed with bellies full of squid.

That night, the party was awoken by [[Brutus]]'s blood curdling scream. Apparently the Teknesi had been boarded by some Eskillian pirates. [[Oren]] rushed to the deck, firing arrows into the crowd. [[Ghost]] went ghost form and froze a pirate from the inside out. [[Lorenzo]] and [[Leona]] performed a powerful couples-attack using their ice magic. [[Leon]] meanwhile called upon the god whom had visited him in his dream and wielded a blade of glowing blue fire. He slayed two pirates effortlessly. With many of the pirates dealt with one managed to sneak the captain's wheel and steered the ship. If nothing changes soon, the ship was going to hit one of those adrift icebergs.
The suspense!

## Episode 3
The party continued to battle the pirates. [[Lorenzo]] and another pirate wrestled for control of the wheel of the ship. [[Oren]] used his hookshot arrow to take out one of the pirates and grapple to the top of the crow's nest. From there he interrogated this scallywag and learned that the pirates had mistaken the Teknesi for an ordinary merchant ship. [[Ghost]] meanwhile continued her onslaught, flying to the other ship. [[Leon]] meanwhile rushed to the captain's aid.  The ship grazed against the side of the iceberg, but they were safe.

At the moment of impact, [[Ghost]] was whisked away from her ghostly projection back to her own body. A green portal, glowing green just like her eyes was in front of her. Years ago she had made a pact with the [[Melia-Cosmic-Biographics#The Tyrants|Ageless]]. This was a promise that she hadn't kept, instead using their power for her own gain, becoming one if not the best bounty-hunter in Melia Mar. She felt like she had no choice and walked through the portal. On the other side was [[Lupine]], one of [[Eblis]] allies. [[Lupine]] had been watching [[Ghost]] and offered her a lucrative deal. If she would let him possess her and kill the crew of the Teknesi, then they would be even. Whether it was her feelings for [[Leon]], some feeling of comradery with the crew, or distaste for someone controlling her [[Ghost]] emphatically declined. 

That's when [[Eblis]] possessed the iceberg in front of the ship, transforming it into an Ice Elemental. Through Lorenzo's experienced helmsmanship and [[Oren]]'s onslaught of explosive arrows, the party was able to outrun the elemental, though it still was in hot pursuit. The ship had suffered serious damage, and was in need of repairs. They also needed to turn over the captured pirates to the proper authorities. [[Leona]] suggested making a pitstop in [[Melia-Mar-Biographics#Cuma Cura|Cuma Cura]] to which [[Lorenzo]] and [[Brutus]] agreed.

The party arrived on the spice island, it was small but had a dockyard where the ship could be repaired, and dino-like birds that were much smaller than [[Chris]]. The gang headed to a lovely inn-bar hybrid. The bartender was happy to provide info about the dockyard, however he was wary about offering information on turning in the pirates. The barkeep, Jimmy Santina, explained that there were some rather intimidating pirates who had arrived yesterday and were held up in the back of the bar. The party looked back, and who did they see? [[Giocar]], [[Jhun]], [[Mondo]] the Fishman, a rather well-dressed mage named Ronaldo, as well as a few more men whom they recognized from Giocar's ship, the Grand Reale. [[Giocar]] and [[Lorenzo]] had a friendly reunion. Giocar explained that (as the [[Jinn]] spy had reported) he was after a sword that could slay gods. [[Giocar]] was not after it to kill a god, no. He wanted to make a deal with gods, a trade. Ideally he wanted to gain immortality for both him and his adopted son, [[Jhun]]. There was some tension in the room when [[Lorenzo]] admitted that they to were seeking [[Oliviero]] and the sword that they were all after. [[Oren]] and [[Mondo]]'s friendship allowed for cooler heads to prevail. Especially as [[Leon]] caught [[Giocar]]'s eye. Giocar hoped that this would not harm his business relationships, attacking the Jinn, but he stated "If I am immortal, then business is booming." There was at least a temporary alliance.

The trick that Giocar had for tracking [[Oliviero]] and [[Eblis]] was quite smart. His mage, Ronaldo, had captured a possessed foot soldier. Using magic Ronaldo was able to reverse-engineer the lens that the Tyrant's used to see what their followers saw (this is why the Forsakens' eyes glow). And (like the [[Jinn]] spy had stated), they were tracking the [[Oliviero]] to Bristok, a town in [[Melia-Mar-Biographics#Rocevelen|Rocevelen]]. This town was also where [[Leon]]'s father was count. 

## Episode 4
The Teknesi set sail from the island, followed closely by [[Giocar]], their new ally of sorts.  Bristok was getting closer every day. After a few days of the two ships sailing together, [[Oren]] had a dream. Like his dreams of the past, they were about his brother [[Althorn]]. This time however,
him and his brother's consciousness in sleep drifted into each other. In other words,
they were able to completely communicate. Althorn explained two things to Oren. One,
that the [[Jinn]] ship was following the Teknesi. And two, that the situation for the prisoners aboard
the Jinn ship had gotten dire. [[Skee]] had attempted a daring escape, but its failure had led to
more cruelty from their captors.

Althorn and Oren agreed that they did not want the relic to fall into the wrong hands. Oren explained to Althorn that they were now sailing with Giocar's ship. Maybe Giocar would be willing to help free the prisoners aboard the Jinn ship since defeating Jinn would mean there would be one less powerful entity after the sword.

The next morning, Oren went to [[Lorenzo]] and explained his dream. Lorenzo knew that Oren was not crazy, but also did not know if Giocar would like attacking Jinn head-on. Lorenzo and Giocar had a little meeting before Giocar went back and consulted his skeleton-crew. [[Mondo]] was eager to help Oren save his friends and family, as Oren had once saved his life, [[Melia-Recaps-1#Episode 1|see here]]. Jon likewise had had his life saved by Oren, [[Melia-Recaps-2#Arc 2 Episode 7|see here]], and though he did not like Oren felt like he owed him. 

Giocar decided that he would help the Teknesi crew save the prisoners and take out [[Jinn]]. They did a 180 degree turn and sailed to where Jinn would be. First they had to sail around the ice-elemental, which was still possessed by [[Lupine]] and also pursuing them. Lorenzo's steering got them around it with ease.

Near midnight, while the Jinn ship drank heavily, the crew of the Teknesi, along with Giocar's men, ambushed Jinn. Ronaldo, the mage, took flight with magic and disabled the Jinn's ship cannons. He was spotted and took an arrow to the shoulder, more than that however the alarms were sounded aboard the Jinn ship. They however had no idea who was attacking them. 

[[Ghost]] in front of the whole crew of the Teknesi took on her ghost form and flew over to where
Jinn was on his ship. He was still seated at his table drinking his ale. Ghost, channeling an ungodly flow of magic stolen from [[Lupine]], called down a strike of lightning on her ghostly form.
The air crackled, a flash of white light turning to crimson, then fading back to darkness and smoke. The red lightning strike carved a large whole through the deck of the Jinn ship. It also scarred Jinn across his chest as he was knocked out of his chair screaming in pain. He was looking around, but unable to find who had struck him with such power. The ice-elemental,
attracted to the strike of Ghost soon began attacking the Jinn ship and the whole ship started to take on water.

But [[Jinn]] got up. He saw the crew of the Teknesi begin to board his ship.  He was not going to go down, not like this. He was a god who had lived and fought for millennia. He had only ever lost one fight on this planet, and he did not intend to lose another. 

## Episode 5
[[Leon]] and[[Lorenzo]], along with [[Giocar]] and his men, stormed the [[Jinn]] ship. Leon and Jinn were locked in combat. Leon slashing, Jinn punching with fists stronger than any steel. Oren meanwhile used one of his hookshot arrows and shot across the other side of the ship. [[Chris]] flew closely behind. Oren dropped through the hole in the deck that [[Ghost]] had made with the lightning strike. He could see the prison cell where his brothers and friends were kept. Oren launched a volley of arrows, and Chris followed up with a flurry of bites taking out the prison guards.

Meanwhile topside, Leon and Jinn continued their fight. Leon called upon the the powers of [[Tytactis]] and once again his eyes and sword lit with that same blue fire, burning brightly. Leon weaved through Jinn's punches as the strikes from his sword brought Jinn down to once knee.
Leon and pierced his sword through Jinn's chest. Then stabbed him several times to make sure
he was dead. As this happened however, the nature of Jinn's godhood was revealed. Golden flecks, coarser than dust but still less so than sand, began to coagulate around Jinn's wounds. 
With Leon's sword still pierced in Jinn's shoulder, Jinn jolted back from the dead. With one hand
he grabbed Leon's neck and with the other he punched Leon with a punch so explosive that he flew across to the other side of the ship. [[Ghost]] kept attempting to land a blow on Jinn, however he was too quick, as if he could sense the magic of Ghost pulsating in the air.

Back below deck, Oren was able to free [[Althorn]], [[Skee]], Edwin, Blanca, and of course Portus. Using his hookshot arrows once again he sailed over the combat, carrying the rescued back to safety on the Teknesi.

The fight raged on topside. With a thunderous clap, Jinn sent a shockwave that launched Giocar and his men off the side of the ship and into the cold depths. By now Jinn's men were organized and charging the boarding members of the Teknesi. Leon raced back to save Lorenzo from a vicious punch. Leon spit in Jinn's face, blinding him. Ghost then pierced her hand through Jinn's stomach. She reached through him and stole his wallet as well as cutting Jinn in half with her icey powers. Ghost's apparition then threw Jinn's legs off of the side of the ship, and Lorenzo used his ice magic to try and freeze Jinn's torso to the deck.

At this point the crew of the Jinn ship cowered in fear and retreated, as their leader had been defeated. Giocar climbed back aboard to see what was left of the man that claimed to be a god. As he approached, Jinn's body writhed in agony as it tried to reform. Giocar with a swift stroke of his sword pierced the crown of Jinn's head and his body dissipated into that gold dust.

"Not much of a god, are you." Giocar said with a smug look of superiority (even though he had done basically nothing this fight) The dust of Jinn was collected in barrels, to keep it from reforming or flowing to his two other half-forms. 

The crew of the Teknesi looted the ship as the ice-elemental continued to destroy it. The Teknesi sailed away and watched as the ship of the once mighty Jinn sank. Oren had finally rescued his brothers and his friends, and their hearts yearned for home. Lorenzo while sympathetic was adamant that they already had set course for Bristok. Giocar, after all his intertangled adventures, offered to give Oren and his companions his own personal longboat. This however also meant that Giocar would also have to stay aboard the Teknesi now, much to Lorenzo's chagrin, though 
he was not in a place to say anything given the strained alliance. Oren had one last heart-felt good bye with Skee and Chris before sailing away.

[[Mondo]] the Fishman, followed Oren out to sea one last time, waving at the man who had save his life what felt like a long time ago. Oren was a hero and he smiled as he looked at his brothers, Blanca, and oh yeah that inscrutable alchemist, Portus. 

The Teknesi sailed in another direction.

## Interlude 
[[Oliviero]] has gone radio-silent with [[Eblis]] and no longer visits the In-Between, so Ronaldo and the crew of the Teknesi has no idea what Oliviero is up to. 

The crew a few weeks later from the [[Jinn]] encounter arrives in Bristok. Giocar with his wealth takes [[Leon]] and the crew of the Teknesi to the nearest tavern. Drinks are on him (just milk for [[Jhun]] though)!

As they drink, they notice a pair of guards rushing down the cobblestone street. Then several more, then people begin fleeing the opposite way the guards are heading. Leon pokes his head to see that near where the temple of Bristok is, a pillar of fire has pierced the heavens. Next [[Lorenzo]] peeks out and a chill runs down his spine.

With bated breath the captain says, "...Oliviero."

# One Month Earlier...

## Episode 6
[[Oliviero]] communed with the [[Melia-Cosmic-Biographics#The Tyrants|Tyrants]]. [[Eblis]] relayed information about his mission. His plans to drive the Frost Giants from their [[Melia-Mar-Biographics#The Frozen North|home]]. His machinations to release the monsters welled beneath [[Melia-Mar-Biographics#Eskillia|Eskillia]]. And his plans for the Tyrants to return from the safety of the In-Between and return to fight [[Melia-Cosmic-Biographics#The Creators|the Creators]]. One thing necessary for this is a "sword that can kill the gods". The components of such a weapon are made from the remains of the Creators themselves, pure magic. The remains of one lie in Bristok, Roclesia. Oliviero's mission is to, along with some helpers who are followers of the Tyrants, recover the remains in order to forge such a sword. 

Oliviero inquired how such remains came to lie in Bristok. Eblis explained that he had killed a Creator long ago. He peeled back a piece of his chestplate and revealed a festering wound from the battle that after eons still had not healed. It was far better to acquire a sword that could kill gods to dare attempt to fight a Creator again.

Oliviero returned back to the world of the living, back from the In-Between that is. He had arrived the day before at a lovely inn, run by a retired adventurer and cook called simply, [[Chef]].
Oliviero retired to the inn's library. There he met a man in red robes who went by, [[The Red Herald]]. The Red Herald was reading a saucy book and had glowing eyes, that of the forsaken-the true followers of the Tyrants. Oliviero had met one of his 3 contacts. Meanwhile, walking into the inn came two more. First a rather tall, muscular, but deformed looking man. His name was [[Raxus]] and he was hungry. He made his way to a table and was served some food by a nervous barmaid. Last to walk in was really two. [[Gaelan]] and his pet cow, whom he insisted come in the bar with him. The barmaid, Melody, was already spooked from Raxus's entrance, let the cow inside with some objection. Melody went back into the kitchen to inform Chef of the unruly guests. 

Meanwhile Oliviero and the Red Herald entered the dining hall and met all at one table with Raxus and Gaelan (and the cow). They all discussed the plans to head north to Bristok. The Red Herald new the gist of the plan but Gaelan and Raxus were rather out of the loop. Raxus was not much of a learned man. He, a follower of [[Lupine]] was much more into brute force. Gaelan did not care to learn the details of the mission and was more so focused on helping his new compatriots head north and with a low profile. At some point Oliviero noticed that the Chef was eyeing the table up, but soon looked away. Back at the table, a shrewd but dishonest local approached. He tried to extort the party for taxes. Raxus told the local that he had his taxes outside. The party was a bit confused but played along. Raxus and the local went outside and as soon as the door swung shut, Raxus murdered the local in cold-blood. The screams meant that the soldiers who were in the inn came to the door and when Raxus reentered it was rather obvious what he had done. The guards surrounded Raxus, but by his intimidating presence, the soldiers did not immediately attack. Oliviero knew that the party had to flee the inn immediately. He gave the order and The Red Herald and Gaelan headed for the door. Meanwhile Oliviero teleported to his room and grabbed his things and headed back down the stairs. On his way back, he was stopped by Chef who got in his way. 

"I know what your friend is. Are you aware?"

"What?"

"He is Forsaken a follower of the Tyrants."

"I am well aware of that," Oliviero replied as he bolted past Chef and headed out the door.

The party managed to escape and traveled much of the night, setting up a camp in the woods. They attempted to gain a little bit of sleep, however, Raxus who was on watch discovered through his acute senses, that they had been followed.

## Episode 7
Yes the party had been followed. [[Chef]], along with 4 of the soldiers from the inn had followed them into the woods. [[Raxus]] awoke [[Oliviero]] and [[Gaelan]]. They assumed a fighting stance, however [[The Red Herald]] was not awoken until the fighting began. The party was flanked on both sides. Raxus and the cow fought the two men on the right. Oliviero, The Red Herald, and Gaelan took on those on their left. 

Raxus managed to tear apart the two men he engaged in combat with, ripping them limb for limb. Meanwhile, Oliviero cast explosions and tidal waves, taking down all foes except Chef who wore a large, ornate set of armor. Oliviero and Chef were locked in combat. When Chef saw that all of his allies had fallen however, he began a tactical retreat. Blinking towards Chef, Gaelan got in range and pinned him down with his pitchfork. Oliviero continued to pepper Chef with explosions. Knowing he was beat, Chef surrendered. 

"I yield."

Upon the request of The Red Herald, the party interrogated Chef. Chef explained that long ago he had been a sailor. A crewmember, [[Pops]], was tempted by the [[Melia-Cosmic-Biographics#The Tyrants|Tyrants]]. He resisted and warned the crew of the Tyrants power. Chef did not like the presence of such a being in his inn, and after the murder of the local he had made it his mission to stop the party. The Red Herald was ready to cut Chef's neck with his knife, but Oliviero (perhaps out of kindness), decided against that. Instead Oliviero used ancient magic to erase Chef's memory of the past few days and he laid asleep in the grass. Meanwhile the party looted chef of his magical armor, his war hammer, and his magical compasses. 

Without a good nights sleep, the party pressed on traveling until the reached the next town. There they were confronted by guards who claimed that monsters had been attacking livestock and townsfolk. The party was honest and said they knew nothing of it. The guards still requested that the party stay in lockdown over night to ensure that they (specifically the beastly looking Raxus) were not the culprits. The party rebuffed this however an unwitting Raxus revealed his claws, prompting the guards to rush to the Mayor's office. 

Oliviero and Raxus got into an argument where in which they threatened each other, but Raxus admitting some fault was his for the past 12 hours. At the very least now, they had a town's attention, but maybe at least the shops and the blacksmiths would be kind to them.

## Episode 8
The party began exploring the town. They found some pretty fresh bloodstains in a ravine, pointed out thanks to their cow. The guards once again reminded the party that they were requested to quarantine, much to [[Oliviero]] and [[Raxus]]'s displeasure. The party continued their venture into town and discovered many shops. The price of weapons and beef had grown expensive, do to the monster attacks. Oliviero had a conversation with a particular fellow who was set on hunting the monster, which Oliviero found foolhardy. Meanwhile Raxus got new armor after trading in [[Chef]]'s armor that he had stolen. The blacksmith was impressed that he had acquired so many compass balls. The blacksmith explained that they all pointed to different individuals via magic.

Meanwhile, [[The Red Herald]] went to an apothecary and charmed his way into some sweet leaf before learning more about the gruesome ends that the monster left his victims to. The Red
Herald then insulted the woman and went on his way. At this time, [[Gaelan]] stocked up the party on some peanuts and vegetarian supply options.

The guards returned and the captain of the guard took the party to the mayor's office. The mayor was Jimony Kell. A rather uncouth fellow, a short stammerer. He told the party that just
for one night that the party would be quarantined just in case this was some sort of werewolf kind of thing. The mayor asked Raxus if he had met him before, but Raxus had no recollection. The party begrudgingly agreed and was put up in a safe house just outside of the mayor's office.

The party was set inside with a guard posted outside. There were a few more inside each with a guard posted outside. The Red Herald hung his bed sheets around his room and meditated. His eyes began glowing a fierce blue, much brighter than normal. He went into the space known as the In-between. There he visited Amarus, the [[Melia-Cosmic-Biographics#The Tyrants|Tyrant]] known as The Hand. The Red Herald and Amarus has what I will call a "special relationship". After some saucy dialogue, Amarus emphasized her hatred for [[Melia-Cosmic-Biographics#The Creators|The Creators]] and [[Steven]]. Just as things were about to get even saucier, Oliviero blinked into the In-between to see what was going on in there. He made fun of Amarus for her relationship with The Red Herald. Amarus expressed in plain terms that she did not trust or like Oliviero and said that she thought [[Eblis]] was wrong to place so much trust in Oliviero. Oliviero, regretting seeing whatever was going on between man and goat-woman blinked back into existence. 

Meanwhile Raxus was pulling pranks on The Red Herald's meditative body. He then shared a moment with Gaelan where he tried peanuts for the first time. Oliviero meanwhile, peered out the window into the dark streets and saw a man walking down them with a sack. It was far past curfew at this point, so this peeked Oliviero's curiosity. He watched the man drag a big sack into the mayor's office. Oliviero blinked out to investigate, and the rest of the party soon opened the window and followed suit. They were able to sneak inside the mayor's office and found a secret staircase. Down there, they discovered a horrible secret. The mayor, Jimony Kell, was working on creating a terrible monster that he called "his chimera". It was a fearsome monstrosity constructed out of the parts of a bunch of different parts from a bunch of different animals.  J. Kell had been working on this for month, feeding it whatever he could find in the village. He revealed all this to the party when they found him down in the basement. He also told them how he had met Raxus's creator, Dr. Truenstein.

(Raxus's backstory is that from a young age he was taken in by an evil scientist who performed horrible experiments on him for years. He was trying to create the ultimate weapon for reasons that are unknown. One day, the Tyrant [[Lupine]] offered Raxus power so that he could escape the mad doctor. Raxus using his new found power murdered the scientist and escaped the lab)

J. Kell released the monster and the team was once again on their backfoot. The chimera lunged with ferocious speed at The Red Herald, nearly breaking his magic shield.  The Herald was sure in his strategy though and used a rune that he had placed on the wall to send a gust that blew the chimera into the opposite wall. Oliviero quite sure of himself approached the chimera and swiftly placed a sealing rune on it's back. Meanwhile Raxus pummeled a roided up Jimony Kell into submission. They pushed the chimera back into its cage. But the party still had to decide what it would do with the evil scientist Mayor Jimony Kell...

## Episode 9
The party sans [[Gaelan]] debated over what to do with the evil mayor and the beast. [[Raxus]] offered the beast to [[Lupine]], and Lupine possessed the beast and now had control of the chimera. What to do with the mayor took a bit more of a debate. [[Oliviero]] and [[Raxus]] debated just killing the mad scientist, but while they were busy talking [[The Red Herald]] blew up Jimony's head with a Black Orb.

After this murder, the party were confronted by the guards of the town, and again [[Oliviero]] got out of it by mindwiping people. [[Steven]] was alarmed by the flippant use of murk magic but tried to appear calm as he was in a meeting with his bosses who were fellow [[Melia-Cosmic-Biographics#The Creators:|creators]]. 

The party headed back on the road and [[Oliviero]] bought some magical items. [[Gaelan]] revealed more of him and his cow's backstory. They were just lonely wanderers looking for friends. [[Eblis]] took advantage of this. Eblis and Oliviero had a meeting in the In-between where in which Eblis told Oliviero that they would rendevous in the nearby town of Lerndel. Eblis had possessed the body of a blind Mer who was a necromancer and used those abilities to resurrect [[Mako]], who had already undergone the ritual of becoming a [[Melia-Cosmic-Biographics#The Tyrants:|tyrant]]-hybrid. Eblis was disappointed as once again Oliviero rebuffed his offer of power in exchange for possession. 

After this Oliviero was visited by [[Lucien]] who told him that other gods from across the universe had learned of the sword and were seeking it out. Lucien explained that the [[Melia-Cosmic-Biographics#The Aglthiim:|Aglthiim]] council had been corrupted by outside forces and that he was seeking the sword to defeat them. They were the ones who had ordered him to kill Ulacham, which he did not want to did, but did so fearing for his life. Oliviero listened but did not give his word, and Lucien let him be.

The party continued down the road as [[Raxus]] further ate into the peanut supply. As the party made camp, friends of [[Chef]] descended on them. They were tracking the compass that they had pilfered from Chef. After intense questioning[[Oliviero]] was able to get them to calm down thanks to him having sailed with [[Pops]],  a mutual friend of [[Chef]]'s. The party went to be knowing they had dodged a bullet.