## Arc 3 Episode 1: 
[[Skee]] sat in the crows nest petting [[Chris]]. He hugged under one arm Tomakin's armor, which was left in his will. [[Leona]], still aboard the ship and now in a relationship with Captain [[Lorenzo]], worked on fixing one of the sides of the ship with magic-resistant plating that she had picked up at the last dock. [[Lorenzo]] and [[Oliviero]] talked over their plans for the summit. [[Lorenzo]] wanted to avoid getting the trade families into the Pevolia-Mildabia conflict and wanted to make sure [[Oliviero]]'s account would sway them in that way. Meanwhile below deck [[Pops]], Denesi, and[[Oren]] all were cooking a recipe from the cookbook that Tomakin had gotten for Denesi in the city. Denesi said that it wasn't fair that Tomakin wasn't there with them. [[Pops]] comforted her.[[Oren]] went to grab more oregano from the oregano barrel that [[Mako]] had given them months ago. There was no oregano in there at all. Instead there was a small child, roughly 12 or 13. The kid introduced himself as [[Jhun]]. He was a small boy from the Western continent who had ran away from home stowed away from ship to ship. He had been on bored for weeks eating the crews table scraps.[[Oren]] called [[Oliviero]] and [[Lorenzo]] down. [[Lorenzo]] decided the best thing they could do is put the boy to work. [[Skee]] had pretty much outgrown his position as mop-boy. [[Jhun]] was put to work with [[Skee]] as his supervisor. Meanwhile [[Pops]] showed [[Oliviero]] a spell he had learned below deck, but it backfired and put a whole in the ship.[[Oren]] held the water back with Aquas Repellus while [[Leona]] came down and patched it up. [[Jhun]] and [[Skee]] butted heads. [[Skee]] explained to [[Jhun]] what it meant to be a warrior. "To rush into danger to safe your friends no matter what." [[Jhun]] laughed it off because he didn't have any friends. He was a loner. As [[Skee]] and [[Jhun]] mopped the deck they saw something on the horizon.

Sea Wasps. It was sea wasps. [[Skee]] rushed below deck to get the party's help. They all worked together as a team. This time slaying the swarm went much more smoothly. [[Jhun]] did a great deal of the work too. It was a good day. The Teknesi's crew was victorious without much injury. They were almost home.

## Arc 3 Loop 0: 
The Crew neared the summit's location, back home in Sidio Barca.[[Oren]] awoke from a nightmare he had about his brother in which his brother told him to run. The gang got ready to head aboard land. [[Skee]] was excited, because there was a chance his "girlfriend" could be there. [[Jhun]] didn't believe she was real. There were around a thousand people at the summit. It was held in a beautiful part of the coast built up by Altin family with beautiful marble columns and amphitheaters. The crew had a brief reunion with [[Mondo]] before [[Lorenzo]] was whisked away by his father and his uncle, Scachi. The heads of the 3 major families were announced: Ilouis Heelos, Apati Myotos, and Timio Kirpara. It was a lovely ceremony. Then out of nowhere [[Giocar]] and his crew crashed it. [[Giocar]] crew parted the crowd and laid out the red carpet. [[Giocar]] strolled down in it in a purple suit and a very expensive purple hat. He explained that he wanted to join the Alliance of the 8 Trade Families and become the 9th one, even though he had stolen all their ships years ago. He tried to talk to [[Lorenzo]] during his grand entrance but [[Lorenzo]] hid. The trade families told [[Giocar]] that they would deliberate on this at the Summit's grand meeting tomorrow. In the meantime, there was a big outdoor feast. [[Jhun]] got to meet his hero [[Giocar]], who showed off his ebony daggers while cutting up some oregano-chicken. [[Skee]] reconnected with his girlfriend.[[Oren]] sat by himself pondering his dream. [[Pops]] and Brutus got into a friendly arm wrestling competition. [[Oliviero]] met some associates of his father, which was mildly annoying. Overall it was a great day.

The crew went to bed.[[Oren]] had the same reoccurring dream. In the morning the all woke up early, except [[Skee]]. [[Pops]], [[Jhun]] and[[Oren]] accompanied [[Oliviero]] and [[Lorenzo]] to the summit. It was held in a big marble building called the Parthenon. [[Giocar]] was not approved for the alliance, but he still sat at the meeting in an act of defiance. No one wanted to go to the trouble of kicking him out. There were other things voted on too. It was [[Oliviero]]'s turn to speak when he noticed a giant wave on the horizon. One 4 stories tall and growing. It was coming right towards them. [[Pops]] and the rest of the crew saw it too. Inside of the wave were many forsaken all in tiny bubbles. Among them were [[Mako]] and[[Oren]]'s brother [[Althorn]]. [[Mako]] shot out of the wave. [[Lorenzo]] and [[Chris]] ran. [[Mako]] hurdled through the air towards [[Pops]]. [[Mako]]'s new warhammer collided with Pop's greatsword.[[Oren]] was stunned from seeing his brother. The wave came closer. [[Mako]] knocked [[Pops]] to his knees and did the same to[[Oren]]. [[Pops]] got back up, swung with all his strength, and sliced [[Mako]]'s head off. The wave got closer. [[Oliviero]] tried to blink away, but he was caught in the In-between. The wave, which was a large water elemental, was [[Eblis]]'s doing. He had come to take his revenge on [[Oliviero]] and his friends. No one was supposed to know the contents of the book. [[Oliviero]] tried to bargain with [[Eblis]] and was scoffed at. This was the end. The party and everyone at the villa were swept away in the wave and perished.

## Arc 3 Interlude 1: 
The party (except for [[Oliviero]] who managed to escape by constantly teleporting) were dead. They waited with Cheron who explained to them that they had died. She was about to send them to be a part of the life force when she was interrupted by a dapper creature. A mouse who was about knee tall who wore a lab coat. He told Cheron that there had been a mistake. The party was whisked away by this large mouse to some ethereal place. The mouse introduced himself as [[Steven]]. [[Steven]] wasn't actually a mouse but instead 9th dimensional being who took the form of a mouse, so he didn't scare the party. He was one of the many creators of the universe. He explained to them, crackle free, that the Tyrants were supposed to be destroyed, but do to his oversight they had managed to survive. [[Steven]] was supposed to be the overseer of this planet, and now that the Tyrants were back he feared a fate worse than death if he was caught by his superiors. [[Steven]] explained that he would keep looping the 30 hour period over and over again in order for the party to be able to defeat the giant water elemental. [[Steven]] couldn't directly interfere, but he'd provide them with all the assistance that he could. Time started over. The party awoke back aboard the ship. The day they arrived at the summit. Everyone except [[Oliviero]] remembered what had happened in the previous loop (they quickly caught him up to speed). They had to defeat [[Eblis]], to save the timeline, the villa, and everyone that they loved.

## Arc 3 Remaining Summary: 
So after many more loops and talks with [[Steven]], a pattern emerged. [[Lorenzo]] would try to stop the Myotos son from turning into a vampire,[[Oren]] would try to get the trade families to come to their aid and hear there warnings, and [[Oliviero]] would got out to see looking for where [[Eblis]] was. Often they would have a meeting of the minds in the In-Between. Over the loops, [[Eblis]] and [[Oliviero]]'s conversations became deeper. [[Oliviero]] got to the root of [[Eblis]]'s plan: to rebel against [[Steven]] and his kind. They were the old gods pulling the strings behind in some sort of cosmic rat race. To some they were benevolent creators, but to [[Eblis]] and those who sided with him they were dictators who were apathetic to their own creation. [[Oliviero]] innate quest for knowledge, not to mention independence from his stuffy politician parents, led him to side more and more with [[Eblis]] over the loops.

Eventually [[Oliviero]] revealed to the party the location of where [[Eblis]]'s followers were summoning the wave elemental out in the ocean. After a few loops of trying to convince [[Giocar]] to join them, they were finally successful when [[Jhun]] convinced [[Giocar]] that he was his (adopted) son from the future who had come back in time to stop an event that would leave [[Giocar]] armless and mauled. With the combined forces of [[Giocar]] and the Pierros, they took the fight directly to the elemental. However after [[Eblis]] dropped a meteor on the ship, the crew was doomed. [[Oliviero]] returned to [[Eblis]] to bargain. [[Oliviero]] would work with [[Eblis]] as a double agent, if he let his friends live today. After getting to know [[Oliviero]] over many iterations, [[Eblis]] accepted. In the final loop [[Eblis]] was "defeated" and[[Oren]] was able to save his brother who was trapped in the maw of the elemental. [[Giocar]] killed his old bounty hunter [[Mako]], saving himself from what he thought would be an armless fate. It was a great success to the party, even if the victory was a bit hollow behind the scenes.

[[Steven]] congratulates the team for a job well done and does a finally reset, wiping the parties memories and giving them various gifts and opportunities. [[Jhun]], a [[Giocar]] fan boy, was put on his ship with [[Giocar]] thinking he was his adopted son. [[Lorenzo]] continued to live his life as the shrewdest trader on the seas (who was now engaged!).[[Oren]] and his rescued brother were teleported back to Lobreux and reunited with their families. It was then just [[Oliviero]] and [[Steven]] floating in the void. [[Steven]] explained to [[Oliviero]] that he knew about the backdoor deal with [[Eblis]]. Display a fraction of his power, [[Steven]] coerced [[Oliviero]] to work as a triple agent, to take down [[Eblis]]. As this happened [[Oliviero]] formulated a plan. His next mission? From [[Eblis]], recover an artifact and bring it to [[Eblis]]. From [[Steven]], slay [[Eblis]] with that artifact. But his loyalties lied with [[Eblis]].

## SUMMARY OF THE Oren ONESHOT: 
Oren and [[Althorn]] and [[Skee]] were all teleported back Lobreux with no memory of the fight with [[Eblis]]'s minions in the time vortex.[[Oren]] and [[Althorn]], now reunited, are resolute to raid the [[Jinn]] camps to save their younger brother, Edwin. They are joined by Portus, an alchemist whose apprentice was taken by the [[Jinn]] and Blanca, eldest sister of Pearl and Vidalia. They successfully raid the camp but are captured by [[Jinn]] the Conqueror himself.

Rather than execute them, he keeps them alive for his own nefarious purpose. 